Documentation Standard Updates (#37)
fivetran/dbt_microsoft_ads: README.md

</p>

# Microsoft Ads Transformation dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_microsoft_ads/))
## What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage Microsoft Ads data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/microsoft-advertising) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/microsoft-advertising#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [Microsoft Ads source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_microsoft_ads_source).
- Enables you to better understand the performance of your ads across varying grains:

> - Providing an account, campaign, ad group, keyword, ad, utm and search level reports.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Providing an account, campaign, ad group, keyword, ad, utm and search level reports.
```

- Materializes output models designed to work simultaneously with our [multi-platform Ad Reporting package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting).
- Generates a comprehensive data dictionary of your source and modeled Microsoft Ads data through the [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_microsoft_ads/).

<!--section="microsoft_ads_transformation_model"-->

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_microsoft_ads/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).
> 
> | **Model**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |

Author: ```suggestion
The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_microsoft_ads/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).

| **Table**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |
```
